top five favorite seo hacks to win you
have to think outside the box if you
just do what everyone else is doing you
won't win that is especially true with
seo here are my five favorite seo hacks
that are out of the box
hack one buy websites have you noticed
their blogs about everything well a
simple strategy for you to get immediate
results is to look for a blog in your
space this shouldn't be hard as there's
over a billion blogs look for one that
has good rankings and traffic you can
find out their traffic sets using tools
like uber says what you'll want is a
blog that ranks really well within your
space has great content but doesn't
monetize through ads or selling products
or services then you want to hit them up
and ask them if they're willing to sell
their site a lot of people be like yeah
sure making no money doing this as a
passion you can even pay them to keep
blogging for you and then what you want
to do is merge that content over to your
website do 301 redirects put them to the
appropriate urls when you're doing the
301 redirects and what you'll find is
you'll start getting instant rankings
and traffic
hack number two ranking number one on
youtube with seo so youtube's algorithm
is the opposite of how google seo works
if the video does really really well in
the first 24 hours when it's released on
youtube it's probably gonna do well in
the long run so how do you get your
videos to do well in the first 24 hours
not through ads because that takes too
long to get up and running usually by
sending out an email blast so when i
release a video i send out an email
blast and even a push notification blast
within the first hour the video goes
live i let everyone know about it i get
tons of views tons of engagements and my
youtube views go through the roof and my
rankings shoot up
hack three release tools have you heard
of calculator.net
the site doesn't look amazing but it has
6.2 million backlinks let me say that
again 6.2 million backlinks
how you may ask is because they have
calculators on everything people love
linking to calculators if you release
free tools that people want and they
love you will build links naturally you
won't even have to send out an email it
works that well if you can't create
these tools you can just go to sites
like codecanyon pop by the tools pop the
bump on your website and boom you're off
to races now the key with this strategy
is to release tools for free that people
are used to paying for
hack number four respond to blog
comments this one is simple and you
probably are like wait this isn't really
a hack meal but let me explain why it's
so valuable and it is a hack wikipedia
is the seventh most popular site on the
web according to similar web
you know how wikipedia does so well on
google they update their content on a
regular basis some of their most popular
pages get updated daily
their content is updated so often i know
people are volunteering and helping out
for free but it's updated so often that
google's like wow this content is fresh
we need to rank it high because it's the
most relevant and up-to-date
so with your website how do you keep
your content that updated ideally you
want to update at least once a year if
not a few times a year but that may be
tough another way to also keep your
content updated and i wouldn't recommend
that you not do the first so you should
still try to update your content at
least once or twice a year is you can
also use blog comments
and when you use blog comments what
you'll find is
that when people leave comments and you
respond to them and you leave really
thorough comments people come back and
keep leaving more comments this produces
more content and in essence you're
updating those pages and make it more
and more valuable for google which helps
with your rankings and when you're
leaving comments don't just leave a
thank you make sure it's thoughtful it's
relevant and it helps people out
hack five use fewer keywords or at least
for app store seo so seo doesn't just
exist on google apple app store is
extremely popular no matter where you
are if you turn around and you see
someone chances are someone has an
iphone which means they also are on the
app store but if you want to rank in the
app store you shouldn't show up tons of
keywords in your title even description
most people don't know this but the
fewer keywords that use in your title or
description in the app store the easier
it is to rank for those terms just make
sure that the keyword you pick or the
keywords you pick are super popular it
makes it way easier to rank and get
higher rankings versus going after too
many keywords in the app store which
makes it harder to write now if you need
help with these seo hacks or even more
check out my ad agency np digital where
we just do this for companies and we do
it for them globally if you enjoy the
video like it share it tell other people
about it subscribe to this channel and
of course leave any comments if you have
any questions that i'm here to help you
out